AutoLayout
1. Test appearance of each page in iphone in each rotation
2. Test appearance of each page in iPad in each rotation
3. Test ability to multi-view the App in iPad

Share
1. Share presents a share menu, test that a few work
2a. Are the save file, pdf, and print options really necessary

Highlight
1. Highlight presents a color menu with 1 blank
2. Test highlighting separate
3. Test highlighting overlapping
4. Test erasing by selecting white
5. Verify that highlighted item appears in Notes
6. Highlighted text should appear in Notes
7. Test that highlighted text is retained after restart
8. Test that highlighted text is retained after app update

Note
1. Note presents a text editor with selected text
2. Edit button should turn on editor
3. Edit button should present keyboard
4. Save button should dismiss keyboard
5. Done button should remove editor
6. Test that note is retained after restart
7. Test that note is retained after app update
8. Test that icon appear at location of notes
9. Test that clicking on icon presents note

Bookmark
1. Test that icon appears where text was selected
2. Test that icon is retained after restart
3. Test that icon is retained after app update
4. Test that clicking on icon presents a delete button
5. Test that icon is retained after restart
6. Test that icon is retained after app update

Compare
1. Test that verse or verses are presented in list
2. Test that each has a translation name
3. Test that the + button works to add versions


System Text Size Change
1. Change system text size change
2. Verify that text size changes in App if actively running
3. Try moving this code to AppDelegate or ReaderViewNavigator and see if still works

Reader
1. Scrolling right and left should have no delay, unless it is done very fast
2. I should verify through log that both cashes are working as expected.
3. Test that menu button goes to menu and back
4. Test that history button goes to history and back 
5. Test that Book button goes to TOC and back
6. Test that Chapter button goes to chapter TOC and back
7. Test that Version button presents versions dialog and cancel
8. Test that audio button presents audio and back
9. Test that Notes button presents notes list and back

Menu
1. Test that TOC button presents TOC and back
2. Test that History button presents History and back
3. Test that Videos button presents Video list and back
4. Test Night-time button changes to white on black
5. View each page to ensure that it is white on black
6. Test night-time button changes to black on white
7. View each page to ensure that it is black on white
8. Test Verse numbers button to ensure that verse numbers are present when on
9. View Verse numbers in a few chapters including in memory, in database, and over AWS-S3.
10. Test Verse numbers button to ensure that verse numbers are absent when off
11. Test More Bibles present Bibles view and back
12. Test More Languages presents Languages view and back
13. Test Write a Review button presents view and back
14. Test Send us comments button presents view and back
15. Test Privacy policy button presents view and back
16. Test Share Safe Bible presents message dialog and back
17. Test that Share is absent when there is no message App

Text Size and Height
1. Test that Text Size when clicked presents text size dialog
2. Test that it changes in size relative
3. Test that all pages are effected once the size is released
4. Test that Text Height when clicked presents text height dialog
5. Test that it changes in relative height
6. Verify that size of Text Hieght text is correct for size setting
7. Verify that height of Text Size is correct for height setting

Bibles
1. Test that clicking on an version presents the current chapter in that version
2. Verify that all Versions have reasonable names
3. Ideally those names should be in the language
4. Test that delete button moves version back to "My group"
5. Test that add button moves version up to "My group"
6. Test that languages can be rearranged.
5. Verify that changes of 4-6 persist after cold restart
6. Verify that changes of 4-6 persist after app update
7. Delete all current Bibles
8. Add all Bibles from all languages present

Languages
1. Verify that clicking on a language presents a list of versions in that language
2. Verify that clicking on one of those Bibles presents that Bible
3. Verify that each language has at least one version
4. Display app in other languages and verify that the right hand name is in that language
5. Test that delete button moves version back to bottom list
6. Test that add button moves version up to top list
7. Test that language items can be rearranged.
8. Test that versions are presented in the sequence set by the language
9. Test that search finds languages in the bottom section.

Initial Settings
1. Test that initial language settings are based upon language preferences of user
2. Test that initial bible settings are based upon algorithm
3. Review algorithm
4. Test this with a variety of initial language settings

Table of Contents
1. Verify that the table of contents is correct for a few versions
2. Test click History takes to History page and back
3. Test click book takes one to list of chapters in book
4. Test that first and last book do display
5. Test that index presents books in middle of page
6. Test that chapters display correctly in middle of page
7. Test that appearance if correct in any orientation
8. Test that clicking on a chapter presents that chapter
9. Test that Psalms chapters display correctly, and Jude also

History
1. Test that history contains each chapter that we have looked at for n seconds not every chapter that has been presented.
2. Test that clear erases all history
3. Test that clicking on history presents the chapter
4. Verify that History correctly displays versions when they have changed.

Bibles Action Sheet
1. Verify that Action Sheet contains the name of all selected Bibles
2. Verify that the sequence is as user specified in Bible View
3. Verify there is a + Bibles lines that takes one to Bible View
4. Verify there is a + Languages line that takes on to Language View
5. Verify that clicking on a version presents the same chapter in that version
6. Verify that navigation of chapters left and right keeps place in current version

Privacy Page
1. Verify that page displays correctly, and rotates and scrolls to top and bottom correctly.

Send Comments
1. Verify that page displays as editable immediately
2. Verify that page makes audible sound when message is sent.
3. Verify that message is received in bucket.
4. Verify that message is emailed to me from bucket and then erased.
5. Verify that menu button does not send a message.
6. Verify that message is not lost, when a user uses menu

User Message Share
1. Verify that message window presents
2. Verify that content are editable
3. Verify that message is sent
4. Verify that cancel does not send message

Review
1. Verify that write a review will present the review page
2. After deployment, verify that review is displayed in App Store

Notes List
1. Verify that each note, highlight and bookmark item displays.
2. Verify that each note includes an icon, a reference, and text.
3. Test how overlapping highlights are presented.  This seems like it will be a problem.
4. Test how bookmarks are displayed
5. Test segmentation controls ability to choose between kinds of content.
(It seems like bookmarks should be one list for Bible, and Notes just for a Book)
(Or, should the bar highlight the ones that are active)

Note Export
1. Test text export by book, and text export for Bible
2. Test delivery by a number of the media
3. Test database delivery by book, and database delivery by Bible
4. Open database received in sqlite to verify correctness.
5. Verify that Notes file can be shared with another user using attachment share in email

Notes File List
1. Verify that the original notes file and all received notes files are present in list
2. Verify that we can select a notes file and all notes will be displayed in notes view.
3. The App offers not delete feature at this time.

App Update
1. When there is no update verify that Versions.db is unchanged
2. When there is an App update verify that Versions.db in bundle is used.

Store Review
1. Not sure how to test

NotesExportDocument
1. Verify each kind of export in iPhone and iPad
2. Verify both kinds of database import in iPhone and iPad
3. Verify the new file's presence in File List
4. Verify that I can select file.

Localize
1. Change Language settings of device and Verify that App changes
2. Verify that inital start of App is in language of device
3. Verify that preferred languages are used in selection of initial Bibles.

DynamicCSS
AppFont